README.md, before:

## Gold Features
[![lerna](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained%20with-lerna-cc00ff.svg)](https://lernajs.io/)

This project contains all base features. For a user-friendly view of all Gold Features check out the catalog in our documentation: <https://goldinteractive.github.io/gold-features/>.

### How To Use A Feature

The name of the feature is always using [`kebab-case`](http://wiki.c2.com/?KebabCase). So for PageTransition the corresponding name would be `feature-page-transition`.

include the `@goldinteractive/src/style` in your `.scss file`.

- **Sackmesser** `make feature-install-sample`
- **Plain Old Javascript** `yarn add @goldinteractive/feature-sample` (Make sure to copy the assets folder into your project)

### Setup to work on Gold Features

Login to npm using `npm adduser` (Make sure to have access rights to npm registry`@goldinteractive` organization). Run `yarn lerna:exec yarn install --frozen-lockfile` to install all dependencies of all projects. Run `yarn install --frozen-lockfile`.

Now you are ready to start working on Gold Features.

### How to do basic feature maintenance

Let's assume you want to change something in `feature-xyz`.
Run `yarn watch` in `./packages/xyz`. This will automatically compile your changes.
To have them reflected in the docs run `yarn stylemark:watch` in the root directory.

Do your changes and check them using the docs page.

Once you've finished updating go to the root directory and run `yarn lerna:updated`.
This will check whether a new package is required. Make sure that only your changed project pops up.
Then using `yarn lerna:publish` you can publish the changed packages to the npm registry.

### Basic Commit Instructions

Since the docs are also checked into the git repo it is important to be able to distinguish actual code changes from docs changes. Therefore we always make separate commits for source changes and the following `generate docs` action.

### How to work with Gold Features

We use `lerna` to orchestrate the build and publish process.

`yarn lerna:build` build all projects

`yarn lerna:updated` lists all packages which must be published. Note that `updated` fails if there is no package which needs to be updated.

`yarn lerna:publish` build all packages, then checks for changed packages (comparing to last tag). Prompts for each package before release (*Note* that it will only commit package.json. Therefore all other changes must be commited beforehand)

`yarn lerna:publish --force-publish` publish all projects (required if core change has been performed)

`yarn lerna:exec command` execute a command in all packages. To remove a package, run: `yarn lerna:exec yarn remove some-dependency`. This is useful in order to update the `js-base` peer-dependency across all packages. (`yarn lerna:exec yarn add @goldinteractive/js-base@latest --tilde --peer`)

### How to create a new Gold Feature

There is a bootstrap script in place to ease the creation of new features.

`yarn create:feature --name sample` will create a new feature and set up the base file structure (replace `sample` with the feature name, e.g. for `feature-modal` use `modal`).

Each feature manages its own local dependencies, make sure to install them in the proper scope ([dev !== peer](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#peerdependencies)).

Create your feature and update the docs accordingly. Make sure to update `stylemark.config.yml` to ensure that all runtime dependencies are available on the docs pages.

Run `yarn watch` in your feature folder to enable the dev mode and keep watching for changes. This is especially useful with `yarn stylemark:watch`. (Make sure to execute stylemark in the root directory - not your feature dir)

### What is this docs?

The docs are generated using stylemark (https://github.com/nextbigsoundinc/stylemark).

Generate it using `yarn stylemark` in the root directory.

It automatically scans the entire `/packages` dir for `.md` or annotated code. Based on the findings it will generate a static documentation which is being served by Github Pages (Jekyll is disabled because it ignores certain folders, e.g. `node_modules`, `_stylemark`).

`packages/docsHelper` contains scripts which must be embedded into the docs during runtime. (e.g. require.js)

Commit message:

Create straightforward way for publishing docs 📒
Instead of manually pushing the docs it's now available in a branch.
Therefore generated docs commit won't pollute the history anymore.

README.md, after:

## Gold Features
[![lerna](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained%20with-lerna-cc00ff.svg)](https://lernajs.io/)

This project contains all base features. For a user-friendly view of all Gold Features check out the catalog in our documentation: <https://goldinteractive.github.io/gold-features/>.

### How To Use A Feature

The name of the feature is always using [`kebab-case`](http://wiki.c2.com/?KebabCase). So for PageTransition the corresponding name would be `feature-page-transition`.

include the `@goldinteractive/src/style` in your `.scss file`.

- **Sackmesser** `make feature-install-sample`
- **Plain Old Javascript** `yarn add @goldinteractive/feature-sample` (Make sure to copy the assets folder into your project)

### Setup to work on Gold Features

Login to npm using `npm adduser` (Make sure to have access rights to npm registry`@goldinteractive` organization). Run `yarn lerna:exec yarn install --frozen-lockfile` to install all dependencies of all projects. Run `yarn install --frozen-lockfile`.

Now you are ready to start working on Gold Features.

### How to do basic feature maintenance

Let's assume you want to change something in `feature-xyz`.
Run `yarn watch` in `./packages/xyz`. This will automatically compile your changes.
To have them reflected in the docs run `yarn stylemark:watch` in the root directory.

Do your changes and check them using the docs page.

Once you've finished updating go to the root directory and run `yarn lerna:updated`.
This will check whether a new package is required. Make sure that only your changed project pops up.
Then using `yarn lerna:publish` you can publish the changed packages to the npm registry.

### Basic Commit Instructions

After updating the docs simply commit them using the `yarn stylemark:publish` command.

### How to work with Gold Features

We use `lerna` to orchestrate the build and publish process.

`yarn lerna:build` build all projects

`yarn lerna:updated` lists all packages which must be published. Note that `updated` fails if there is no package which needs to be updated.

`yarn lerna:publish` build all packages, then checks for changed packages (comparing to last tag). Prompts for each package before release (*Note* that it will only commit package.json. Therefore all other changes must be commited beforehand)

`yarn lerna:publish --force-publish` publish all projects (required if core change has been performed)

`yarn lerna:exec command` execute a command in all packages. To remove a package, run: `yarn lerna:exec yarn remove some-dependency`. This is useful in order to update the `js-base` peer-dependency across all packages. (`yarn lerna:exec yarn add @goldinteractive/js-base@latest --tilde --peer`)

### How to create a new Gold Feature

There is a bootstrap script in place to ease the creation of new features.

`yarn create:feature --name sample` will create a new feature and set up the base file structure (replace `sample` with the feature name, e.g. for `feature-modal` use `modal`).

Each feature manages its own local dependencies, make sure to install them in the proper scope ([dev !== peer](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#peerdependencies)).

Create your feature and update the docs accordingly. Make sure to update `stylemark.config.yml` to ensure that all runtime dependencies are available on the docs pages.

Run `yarn watch` in your feature folder to enable the dev mode and keep watching for changes. This is especially useful with `yarn stylemark:watch`. (Make sure to execute stylemark in the root directory - not your feature dir)

### What is this docs?

The docs are generated using stylemark (https://github.com/nextbigsoundinc/stylemark).

Generate it using `yarn stylemark` in the root directory.

It automatically scans the entire `/packages` dir for `.md` or annotated code. Based on the findings it will generate a static documentation which is being served by Github Pages (Jekyll is disabled because it ignores certain folders, e.g. `node_modules`, `_stylemark`).

`packages/docsHelper` contains scripts which must be embedded into the docs during runtime. (e.g. require.js)
