packages/form/docs/base.md, before:

---
name: Form
category: Form
---

This demo uses the new **Gold Form Server**. Please note that for the old implementation (without Goldform) you can use 0.0.x versions.

In order to use a **Gold Form** follow these steps:

- Login to the [Admin UI](https://form.goldinteractive.ch)
- Create a new project and configure the SMTP Settings
- Make sure to use straightforward handles
- Create the HTML Markup.
- Set the proper names based on the configured handles. For the handle `salutation` the name attribute of the input element must be `fields[salutation].`
- Set **Post Endpoint** (https://form.goldinteractive.ch/be/api/v1/p/form/post/FORMID)
- Make sure you set the `language` input properly (See example). This is required for localized validation messages.

> Note that the feature enables you to set a csrf token endpoint. For the default Gold Form this endpoint **is not** required.

```types.js
require(['featurify'], function(featurify) {
  featurify([{ name: 'feature-form', path: 'packages/form/lib/main.min.js' }, 'base', 'base.features'], function(Form, base, features) {
    features.add('form', Form.default);
    features.init(document.body);
  });
});
```
```types.html
<h2>Form</h2>

<div class="ft-form" data-feature="form" data-token-endpoint="http://localhost:8888/goldform-server/backend/public/api/v1/token">

  <form action="http://localhost:8888/goldform-server/backend/public/api/v1/p/form/post/bad411d5-1da9-3ba6-ab41-aa561bcd8bc5" enctype="multipart/form-data">
    <!-- Language input: this is required! -->
    <input type="hidden" name="language" value="en">
    <div class="form-field">
        <label for="email">E-Mail</label>
        <input type="email" name="fields[email]" id="email" placeholder="Test">
    </div>

    <!--
    These are currently not in use:
    <div class="form-field">
        <label for="message">Message</label>
        <textarea placeholder="Test" name="fields[message]" id="message"></textarea>
    </div>

    <div class="form-field">
      <label for="file">File</label>
      <input type="file" name="fields[file]" name="file" id="file">
    </div>

    <div class="form-field">
      <label class="control -radio -with-text">
        <input id="radio1" name="fields[radio]" type="radio">
        <span class="control-indicator"></span>
        Radio 1
      </label>

      <label class="control -radio -with-text">
        <input id="radio2" name="fields[radio]" type="radio">
        <span class="control-indicator"></span>
        Radio 2
      </label>
    </div>

    <div class="form-field">
      <label class="control -checkbox -with-text">
        <input type="checkbox" name="fields[checkbox]">
        <span class="control-indicator"></span>
        Checkbox
      </label>
    </div>

    -->

    <button role="submit" class="button -primary -small -auto">Send</button>
    <button role="button" class="button -auto" type="reset">Reset</button>
  </form>

  <!-- Progress Indicator - e.g. for file upload -->
  <div data-progress class="form-progress-bar">
    <div data-loaded class="loaded"></div>
    <div data-percentage class="percentage"></div>
  </div>

  <!-- Form Feedback (error / success), make sure that this div is outside of the form tag -->
  <div data-feedback class="form-feedback"></div>

</div>
```
```types.css
input, textarea {
  width: 100%;
  font-size: 100%;
  border: 1px solid #999;
  padding: 4px;
}

input[type="radio"],
input[type="checkbox"] {
  width: auto;
  padding: 0;
}

.form-field {
  margin-bottom: 20px;
}

.form-feedback {
  padding: 20px;
}

.form-feedback.-success {
  background-color: rgb(124, 209, 124);
  color: rgb(15, 110, 15);
}

.form-feedback.-error {
  background-color: rgb(255, 187, 187);
  color: rgb(133, 2, 2);
}

.form-feedback.-warn {
  background-color: rgb(243, 196, 125);
  color: rgb(206, 124, 1);
}

.form-progress-bar {
  position: relative;
  height: 30px;
  width: 100%;
  background-color: #eee;


}

.form-progress-bar > .loaded {
    width: 0%;
    height: 100%;
    background-color: #999;
    transition: width .1s ease-in;
}

.form-progress-bar > .percentage {
    position: absolute;
    top: 50%;
    left: 50%;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    color: #333;
}
```
Inspect Sources:
```src:../src/index.js
```
```src:../src/style.scss
```
```types:../lib/style.css hidden
```

Commit message:

Form: Add more detailed docs for setup

packages/form/docs/base.md, after:

---
name: Form
category: Form
---

This demo uses the new **Gold Form Server**. Please note that for the old implementation (without Goldform) you can use 0.0.x versions.

In order to use a **Gold Form** follow these steps:

- Login to the [Admin UI](https://form.goldinteractive.ch)
- Create a new project and configure the SMTP Settings
- Make sure to use straightforward handles
- Create the HTML Markup.
- Set the proper names based on the configured handles. For the handle `salutation` the name attribute of the input element must be `fields[salutation].`
- Install the Form Feature (`yarn add @goldinteractive/feature-form` or `make feature-install-form`)
- init the Form in your js: `features.add('form', Form)` (don't forget `import Form from '@goldinteractive/feature-form'`)
- Use `data-feature="form"` and `class="ft-form"` on a container element.
- Create `<div data-feedback class="form-feedback"></div>` in the container.
- Set **Post Endpoint** (https://form.goldinteractive.ch/be/api/v1/p/form/post/FORMID) as action for the `<form>`tag
- Make sure you set the `language` input properly (See example). This is required for localized validation messages.

> Note that the feature enables you to set a csrf token endpoint. For the default Gold Form this endpoint **is not** required.

```types.js
require(['featurify'], function(featurify) {
  featurify([{ name: 'feature-form', path: 'packages/form/lib/main.min.js' }, 'base', 'base.features'], function(Form, base, features) {
    features.add('form', Form.default);
    features.init(document.body);
  });
});
```
```types.html
<h2>Form</h2>

<div class="ft-form" data-feature="form">

  <!--
    Optional argument on data-feature="form" container:
    `data-token-endpoint="http://localhost:8888/goldform-server/backend/public/api/v1/token"`
  -->
  <form action="http://localhost:8888/goldform-server/backend/public/api/v1/p/form/post/bad411d5-1da9-3ba6-ab41-aa561bcd8bc5" enctype="multipart/form-data">
    <!-- Language input: this is required! -->
    <input type="hidden" name="language" value="en">
    <div class="form-field">
        <label for="email">E-Mail</label>
        <input type="email" name="fields[email]" id="email" placeholder="Test">
    </div>

    <!--
    These are currently not in use:
    <div class="form-field">
        <label for="message">Message</label>
        <textarea placeholder="Test" name="fields[message]" id="message"></textarea>
    </div>

    <div class="form-field">
      <label for="file">File</label>
      <input type="file" name="fields[file]" name="file" id="file">
    </div>

    <div class="form-field">
      <label class="control -radio -with-text">
        <input id="radio1" name="fields[radio]" type="radio">
        <span class="control-indicator"></span>
        Radio 1
      </label>

      <label class="control -radio -with-text">
        <input id="radio2" name="fields[radio]" type="radio">
        <span class="control-indicator"></span>
        Radio 2
      </label>
    </div>

    <div class="form-field">
      <label class="control -checkbox -with-text">
        <input type="checkbox" name="fields[checkbox]">
        <span class="control-indicator"></span>
        Checkbox
      </label>
    </div>

    -->

    <button role="submit" class="button -primary -small -auto">Send</button>
    <button role="button" class="button -auto" type="reset">Reset</button>
  </form>

  <!-- Progress Indicator - e.g. for file upload -->
  <div data-progress class="form-progress-bar">
    <div data-loaded class="loaded"></div>
    <div data-percentage class="percentage"></div>
  </div>

  <!-- Form Feedback (error / success), make sure that this div is outside of the form tag -->
  <div data-feedback class="form-feedback"></div>

</div>
```
```types.css
input, textarea {
  width: 100%;
  font-size: 100%;
  border: 1px solid #999;
  padding: 4px;
}

input[type="radio"],
input[type="checkbox"] {
  width: auto;
  padding: 0;
}

.form-field {
  margin-bottom: 20px;
}

.form-feedback {
  padding: 20px;
}

.form-feedback.-success {
  background-color: rgb(124, 209, 124);
  color: rgb(15, 110, 15);
}

.form-feedback.-error {
  background-color: rgb(255, 187, 187);
  color: rgb(133, 2, 2);
}

.form-feedback.-warn {
  background-color: rgb(243, 196, 125);
  color: rgb(206, 124, 1);
}

.form-progress-bar {
  position: relative;
  height: 30px;
  width: 100%;
  background-color: #eee;


}

.form-progress-bar > .loaded {
    width: 0%;
    height: 100%;
    background-color: #999;
    transition: width .1s ease-in;
}

.form-progress-bar > .percentage {
    position: absolute;
    top: 50%;
    left: 50%;
    transform: translate(-50%, -50%);
    color: #333;
}
```
Inspect Sources:
```src:../src/index.js
```
```src:../src/style.scss
```
```types:../lib/style.css hidden
```
